Oh Israel return to the Lord your God
for you have stumbled because of your
iniquity take words with you and return
to the Lord say to him take away all
iniquity receive us graciously for we
will offer the sacrifices of our lips a
serious shall not save us we will not
ride on horses nor will we say anymore
to the work of our hands
you are our gods for in you the
fatherless find mercy I will heal their
backsliding I will love them freely for
my anger has turned away from him I will
be like the dew to Israel he shall grow
like the lily and lengthen his roots
like Lebanon his branches shall spread
his beauty shall be like an olive tree
and his fragrance like Lebanon those who
dwell under his shadow shall return they
shall be revived like grain and grow
like a vine their scent shall be like
the wine of Lebanon Ephraim shall say
what have I to do anymore with idols I
have heard and observed him
I am like a green cypress tree your
fruit is found in me who is wise let him
understand these things
who is prudent let him know them for the
ways of the Lord are right the righteous
walk in them but transgressors stumble
in them
[Music]
you